Dōng Hǎi will be mine to rule
When that time comes
Don’t forget about me
Relax
As long as you obediently follow orders
You won’t miss out on the benefits
Darling
Qín Ruò Yǔ, Qín Fēng
Just you wait
This person
Is your target
Your mission
Is to make him believe
You’re the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
From now on
Your name is Qín Líng
Just returned from studying in the U.S.
Fighting Qín Fēng for the family fortune
Rest assured
I’ll have Lǐ Mù assist you
And send people to ensure your safety
24 hours a day
As long as you do this well
The money will be endless
Thank you, Miss
I won’t let you down
Your expectations
Go
Fù Jiā Háo
Spit it all out